chore(curriculum): add responsive piano workshop (#56734)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-piano/612e89d254fe5d3df7d6693d.md

---
id: 612e89d254fe5d3df7d6693d
title: Step 8
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

> Now that you have reset the `html` box model, you need to pass that on to the elements within as well. To do this, you can set the `box-sizing` property to `inherit`, which will tell the targeted elements to use the same value as the parent element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've reset the `html` box model, you need to apply this to the elements inside it as well. To do this, set the `box-sizing` property to `inherit`, which ensures that the targeted elements adopt the same value as their parent element.
```

You will also need to target the pseudo-elements, which are special keywords that follow a selector. The two pseudo-elements you will be using are the `::before` and `::after` pseudo-elements.

The `::before` selector creates a pseudo-element which is the first child of the selected element, while the `::after` selector creates a pseudo-element which is the last child of the selected element. These pseudo-elements are often used to create cosmetic content, which you will see later in this project.

> For now, create a CSS selector to target all elements with `*`, and include the pseudo-elements with `::before` and `::after`. Set the `box-sizing` property to `inherit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, create a CSS selector to target all elements using `*`, and include the pseudo-elements `::before` and `::after`. Set the `box-sizing` property to `inherit`.
```
